As married couples, most of us have been there.
The day-to-day pace of life, work, distractions can cause us to draw away from our mate emotionally.
We begin to talk less, distance ourselves, we may feel unappreciated, and even become cold or unkind.
Even our desire for intimacy and affection may cool.
We may go from loving and passionate to platonic roommates.
What can we do to avoid this?
An excellent principle we can apply is found at Acts 2035.
There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.
But how can we know what to give?
What actions to take so our mate fills our love and affection?
The best way to know is simply to ask, what does our mate need?
Some feel loved when they are actively listened to or hear warm expressions of appreciation.
For others its expressions of love shown through touch or simply quality time.
Others find that helping them with chores and sharing the workload at home makes them feel cherished.
But whatever the discussion reveals, and regardless of our mate's imperfections,
we want to do what we can to make them feel loved and cared for through the actions they appreciate.
Yes, if we each do all we can to show on selfish love, genuine affection will follow.
And this is just one of many secrets to a happy marriage.
So now why not just take a moment, pause the video and ask each other these three questions.
Remember, share your honest feelings and when listening don't be defensive.
This is simply a chance to openly express how each of you feels.
So pause your video now and really talk.